Review autotarget implementation - lookat, position, rotation, etc, etc to ensure all available options are included in schema/editor/evaluator
User preferences - save between execution instances and reload on startup.
Default/Required Params - enforce params that are required for minimal functionality
Go through building a file from scratch and verify all functionality
DONE -- The plot area doesn't seem to be square - y axis is compressed?  set 0,0 to lower left and include 9 meters along the x axis by default.
DONE -- Plot should contain a legend to identify which colors belong to which layer in a floating fly-out that can be collapsed and dragged around to allow viewing underneath
DONE -- Legend should allow filtering visible layers - each fixture type, each module, etc.
DONE -- Break up mainwindowviewmodel into helpers to reduce file size and complexity.  Tree manipulations should go to tree helpers, plot manipulations should go to plot helpers, split out json functions to json helper classes, split out file operations to file helper classes, etc.
DONE -- Plot all fixtures in one layer per type
DONE -- Plot all targets per module in its own layer
DONE -- target label processing - the target labels should be renderable regardless of target selections
DONE -- adding a pose to the poses section doesn't trigger an autosave
DONE -- When any part of a node is selected, the selection details should be populated with the whole node
DONE -- Slow loading sometimes, but really fast others - why?
DONE -- in events, pose should be drop down box not text box
DONE -- Add save button to menu to force a save
DONE -- Make selection details and debugoutput collapsable

Find out why edits got reverted and restore from previous commits
  DONE -- Params captions editable for arrays
  DONE -- Event captions editable
  DONE -- Event pose fields drop-downs from poses array (with ability to select nothing)
  DONE -- Event trigger module drop-downs from modules array (with ability to select nothing)
  DONE -- Fixture captions not editable
  DONE --Sequence captions editable
  DONE -- Sequence fields visible/editable
  DONE -- sequece arrays should not conform to positional arrays with x,y,z labels. There should be no label for an array element, only the field names that correspond to the array itself
  DONE -- Sequence names should not be explicitly shown, but the editable sequence caption should map to the name
  DONE -- each of the sequence fields should be its own array in the tree view - consult the schema.
  DONE -- add the other missing array fields to sequences
  DONE -- remove question mark placeholders from target captions, only provide configured values.